
Q1. How do i get a list of interface residues for a particular interface?

You will need to install the mysql database - as described on the web page,
Then download the set of files that have the interface contacts:
 http://pibase.janelia.org/download/interface_contacts.pibase_20080825.tar

After you install the mysql database, this is how you would get the
interface residues, for example between the two domains:
BDP21691-0_SCOP.d1ivoa3 and BDP21691-0_SCOP.d1ivob3

1. Get the bdp_id (the internal pibase identifier for each individual
protein structure)

mysql> SELECT bdp_id from intersubset_contacts WHERE subset_id_1 =
'BDP21691-0_SCOP.d1ivoa3' and subset_id_2 = 'BDP21691-0_SCOP.d1ivob3';

This would tell you that this interface is from bdp_id = 21691

2. Get the name of the interface_contacts file for this bdp_id

mysql> SELECT source_file FROM interface_contacts_tables WHERE bdp_id =
21691;

This will tell you that the name of the file is:
/groups/karpova/......../metatod/interface_contacts/21/interface_contacts_21
691.uRXkhY.pibase.gz

You should replace the first part of this file path with the local directory
where you uncompressed the itnerface_contacts.tar file:
/YOURDIRECTORY/interface_contacts/21/interface_contacts_21691.uRXkhY.pibase.
gz

Finally, you would look inside this file, either by hand, OR using the perl
library that comes with the download (pibase::rawselect_metatod() routine is
documented, should be straightforward to figure out - I can send you an
example script if you're having trouble with it)

By hand you could do this:
zcat interface_contacts_21691.uRXkhY.pibase.gz | grep
BDP21691-0_SCOP.d1ivoa3 | grep BDP21691-0_SCOP.d1ivob3 | less

This lists the pairs of residues, their distance, and the number of contacts
at different cutoffs; the format of this file is described in the schema
(blue table called interface_contacts_prototype), available here:
http://pibase.janelia.org/files/PIBASE_schema.pdf


Q2. How to get CA coordinates only

I would just use awk to get the ^ATOM lines with CA atoms in it, like so:
(all on one line)

$cat pdbfile |  sed '/^ENDMDL/q' | awk '{if (($0 ~ /^ATOM/ &&
(substr($0,13,4) == " CA ") ) || $0 !~ /^ATOM/) print}' > pdbfile.ca

The sed command cuts the file after the first ENDMDL record, so that if it
is an NMR ensemble, it only returns the first model.
